You will create a small single-page web application. The topic and content of this application is entirely up to you; be creative!
Your work will be graded according to the technical requirements listed in the following section. Creativity and effort always work in your favor, so feel free to go beyond the scope of the listed requirements if you have the time.
Keep things simple. Like most projects you will encounter, you should finish the absolute minimum requirements first, and then add additional features and complexity if you have the time to do so. This will also help you understand what you can get done in a specific allotment of time if you were to be asked to do something similar in the future.
Once you have an idea in mind, approach your design through the user's perspective. User experience is one of the most important aspects of successful web design. If users enjoy their time on with your application, they are more likely to trust whatever services or information you offer, and more likely to come back and use the application again in the future.
You will need access to an external API in order to complete the requirements listed below. Since the content of the API will largely determine the content of your application, it should be chosen first and carefully. You can look for available APIs across the internet, but make sure they include features that will allow you to implement the requirements listed below.
Click here for a list of free APIs you can use. Two of our favorites, which contain all of the features necessary for this assessment are The Cat API and The Dog API. You are not limited to these APIs or any others in the list above. Feel free to get creative! 
Requirements
The requirements listed here are absolute minimums. Ensure that your application meets these requirements before attempting to further expand your features.
Create your application locally, and initialize a local git repo. Make frequent commits to the repo. When your application is complete, push your repo to GitHub and submit the link to the GitHub page using the submission instructions at the top of this document.
